2. need to fix stopping
3. clean up mem leaks

Session -> runs demuxer thread
-> Uses a promise to communicate with segment_storage for when a segment is ready
-> Demuxes a whole segment at a time, segment_storage returns a segment reader

SegmentStorage -> runs reload thread and download thread
-> Downloads segments when they come in
-> Does stream switchinhg
-> Reloads playlists


segment_storage - download thread
playlist_reloader - one thread for the active variant, one thread
for the other variants
session rus the demuxer and the demuxer stops at each segement, if for example the variant stream changes
we create a new demuxer




Android addon.xml doesn't have correct library_android or platform android
Also it may be difficult to install them

1. When coming back from a commercial it doesn't always start playing
2. Make it so we don't switch streams so aggresively based on the bandwidth amount

3. See if there is a way to handle when the bandwidth drops to very low levels
and kodi ends up skipping or fast forwarding
(maybe send empty demux packets?)
4. Maybe continue to load the variant playlist in the background because seeking is lost when swithching streams

1. Find out when a playlist is invalid

1. sometimes there are minor hiccups, not
sure if they are caused by the demuxing process or just the video syncing
(caused by my computer, doesn't happen on dedicated kodi box)

Test
1. Loss of network

Bugs


4. Need to be able to quit everything instead of stalling sometimes when we want to exit
like when downloading
5. Stream switching causes a segment pause in 30 for 30, but worked okay in live stream
-> May be due to resolution change and VAAPI
7. Handle when there is no data, we shoudln't stallin this case
-> can return an empty demux packet to get it to show the loading indicator
9. Discontinuity playlist ends 10  frames too early
10. Sometimes the current time exceeds the total playlist time, may be due to stalling

Seeking
1. Cache file downloads

Release TODO:
1. Testing

Issues:
1. Sometimes the video freezes, may be due to the resolution changing and 
VAAPI doesn't like it

Features:
2. Rest of addon interface

Missing Support
1. Other HLS features
